Sabitha Interview with Elite sloutions.[ Vendor CIGNEX]

REQUIREMENT:




Job & Project Description

Required Skills:

•  Experience using Postman or SOAPUI,
 Defect tracking using jira.


•  Ability to write SQL Queries to validate backend data


•  Experience with Selenium or other automation tools a plus


•  Development/execution of test plans and test scripts to test cross platform functionality(responsive applications)


•  Works with cross functional team to establish/maintain consistent test methodology, resolves questions during testing process


•  Interface with multiple groups across the organization and with external partners and vendors.


•  Analyzes, tests, and certifies certain flows in application-specific software


•  Conducts quality reviews of business requirements and functional specification document


•  Experience working in onshore/offshore model


•  Experience in defining and developing QA processes, standards 

and best practices

 

 

Pls check the Parameters as per the requirement

  
Manual Testing Skills 
  
Test Management

  
Defect Management   [JIRA] *
  

Scrum Artifacts


   Webservices Testing  [Soap ui, postman] *
   

Selenium    
   

SQL Queries    [Database testing]*
   

Communication Skills

ROUND ONE:

 1. What methodology you follwed in your project and explain?

 2.Web services ( with using postman and soap ui)?

 3. Explain the sprint flow?

 4. About jira?

 5.  Did You involved in the integration testing? how do perform Integration in ur project?
 6. Testing framework Testng?
  7. explain sql joins?
 8. how do you validate the data in the data base?

 9. Where did u use joins in ur project?

 10.Regression testing, when do u perform regression?

       [when will you perform regression]
 11.Explain UAT?

 12.Alpha and beta testing?
 13. How did you test rest apis in ur project?

 14.Waht are things you test in the rest api's?
 14. Rate Your self How good Ur in SQL?
 15. when will you sign off the project?


  
